Fix permission error in Elastic Beanstalk when writing to config.json… (#503)
mattermost/mattermost-docker: contrib/aws/README.md

eb create prod
eb open prod
```

### Note

> You must chmod the config.json file, then compress the whole folder starting form mattemost-docker/contrib/aws/* and then upload the .zip file to elastic beanstalk. 

Reviewer: Hope you don't mind the drive-by comment. :)
```suggestion
You must chmod the config.json file, then compress the whole folder starting from mattermost-docker/contrib/aws/* and then upload the .zip file to elastic beanstalk. 
```
